В предыдущих сериях...
Большинство из нас "особенные"
Мы можем делать что-то действительно странное
очень классно.
Итак, в какую же сторону отсюда дом?
Может мы можем использовать тунели?
Мы ещё не нашли какие-либо туннели до той части кампуса.
Я думаю моя способность развивается
на психологическом профиле, просто анализируя их почерк.
Несмотря на отличный лидерский потенциал
субъект предпочитает идти своим путём.
(Суки)Если даже шпионы имеют группы поддержки.
Это коллективные усилия, не спеши.
Я не могу позволить чтоб планы Арчера сбежать помешали моим планам.
"Одисей"
классическая сказка
как человек из эпической серии стремился вернуться домой.
История содержит почти все самые интересные примеры,
описательного характера героя.
Именно, необходимо путешествие героя
часто с помощью сверхъестественного гида
через странный таинственный мир
преодоления препятствий и разбирательств
выживания во встречах с чудовищными существами,
прохождения символической смерти и возрождения,
перед тем, как он наконец триумфально вернётся домой
с накопленной мудростью из его стремления.
Сэр, вы упомянули чудовищных тварей.
Есть ли шанс, прочитать про вампиров в этой книге?
Темные, задумчивые вампиры
которые знают, что они не должны влюбляться,
в обычных смертных, девушек,
хотя знают что обречены на это
с самого начала
потому что любовь
это все что у нас есть?
- Нет.
Оборотни?
Любые темные, задумчивые оборотни?
Греческая мифология кишит известными существами.
Это Медуза. Наполовину человек, наполовину бык- минотавр
Но, для твоей монстролюбивой натуры
Особенности Одиссея - любящий человеческое мясо, одноглазый цилоп
- [murmuring]
- Barf.
В частности, герой Одиссея победил многих знаменитых существ
There's the deadly seductive female
Sirens, being another notorious example.
The important thing
to remember is that the hero
must not only survive
these encounters
but learn something from them.
Да, сэр?
Могу я получить другую книгу. В этой много подчеркиваний
и пометок
Мне жаль, мистер Арчер. Книга уже зарегистрирована на ваше имя.
Мне, вот интересно, это потому что деньги выделенные на книги
были потрачены на огромную стену вокруг школы?
Через две недели будет тест
(бурчит)
Советую вам прочитать учебник
как герои ищущие приключений
In a typical myth, when a hero
is given his task,
he initially refuses, either
out of fear or immaturity.
(болтают)
(мужик поет)
Отлично. Только напомни
Завтра тест по Одисею
(бурчание)
(прочищая глотку) Завтра?
Уже прошло 2 недели с того момента, когда я задал вам прочитать Одиссея
Я предполагаю вы закончили чтение?
(звонок)
(уходят)
Ребята, вы дочитали?
Закончили?
Да мы еще не начинали
Ты пирожок!:D
Поджаренный
Простите меня сэр, но мне интересно
как сильно тест отразится на конечной оценке по вашему предмету?
если ты завалишь тест, то ты завалишь и предмет
Из твоего вопроса я понимаю, что так и не закончил чтение книги.
Не совсем так.
Но это потому, что я так втянулся
Я читаю очень медленно, но только потому, что хочу понять все нюансы.
В частности, есть ли способ чтобы получить больше времени
чтобы закончить и взять тесты по макияжу(?)
Знаете, Арчер, вы напоминаете мне Одиссея в юности
Кого?
Главного персонажа книги, которой вы так увлечены
Ах да, конечно.
Я..Я не знаю как правильно произнести его имя.
как я вам его напоминаю?
Вы оба имеете благородную натуру, и вы оба хитры
You seem to have
wandered a little off course.
тест завтра.
и что будет если я провалю?
ты будешь сдавать пока не сдаш
а что если я никогда не сдам тест?
как школа отреагирует если я
решу не делать мою домашнюю работу
или решу бросить?
не тебе выбирать бросать школу познания или нет
ты не можешь бросить школу до выпуска
и не можешь выпустится пока не закончишь все классы
и как долго занимает учеба?
давай надеется, что не так долго, как Одисей возвращался домой
так как долго?
Хорошо
(хлопает)
Я даже не начал чтение книги
- Как долго заняло его возвращение домой?
-10 лет
10 лет?
Другими словами, вы говорите, что я могу пробыть здесь 10 лет?
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
== for www.addic7ed.com ==
Целых 10 лет?
Нет.. я имею ввиду - когда выпускной?
- Как они проводят церемонию выпуска?
- Церемонию?
Они не имеют выпускной церемонии?
Так как мы узнаем, что кто-то действительно заканчивает обучение?
Every year, the seniors
just are gone.
One day, the seniors
just up and vanish?
Come on. You guys don't
find that a little bit odd?
But you know
what's even weirder?
Every year,
when the seniors disappear,
the cafeteria starts serving this,
like, mysterious beef stew.
- Я серьезно.
- Я тоже
We don't have time to worry
about this stuff now.
- We have to focus on worrying
about failing our test tomorrow.
- [sighs]
We need one of
those study guides
that tells you what happens in the novel
without having to actually read it.
[Gabe] Good luck trying to find
a study aid like that here.
Whisper will block certain searches you
try to do on topics we're studying.
[Ian]
What if I'm trying
to do legitimate research?
Bro, that's not legitimate research.
You're trying to cheat.
Виспер не должна
Виспер этого не знает
(шепет)
Виспер знает все
Но дело в том, что Виспер должна спасти наши задницы
Она только что предложила мне скачать аудиокнигу Одиссея
Нам остается только сидеть и слушать
Все в порядке
Бум
[beeps]
(виспер)
Одиссей
Гомера
"Sing in me, Muse,
"and through me tell
"the story
"of that man
skilled in all ways"--
She's taking longer to read it than would
actually take for us just to read it.
- [clicks off]
- Is there any way
to make it go faster?
- A speed reader version?
- I got it.
There's that kid down the hall,
Flash McNulty.
[long, sustained sigh]
- [sigh continues]
- So the nickname's ironic, huh?
So, uh, you'll help
us out then? Huh?
Sure. I've always wanted
to read The Odyssey.
I like things with lots of...
(часы тикают)
(звон)
[sniffs]
экшена
Блин, он умирает
Отлично
Обычно, мы называем это "спойлер"
Но я так думаю, что мы именно для этого здесь
Как умирает герой?
Не герой, его песик
Одиссей наконец-то возвращается домой спустя 10 лет
и единственный, кто знает его -это его собака
Аргус, который машет хвостиком
А потом умирает
(плач)
(СиДжей) Все в порядке
Это неправда.
Это всего лишь рассказ.
Скажи это собаке
[grunts]
(продолжается плач)
Слушай, Флэш, я понял
У меня была собака, и она однажды скончалась
Я потерял Скраппи.
Ох, Скраппи.
Твоя собака вернулась?
Моя черепаха.
Конечно. Смотри
Тебе нужно думать о том, как было бы чудесно
однажды выпустится и вернуться домой
к Скраппи
И он будет махать своим крошечным хвостиком
и, надеюсь, потом не умрет
Ты будешь дома достаточно скоро
Надеюсь ты прав
в любом случае
ты можешь помочь нам выпустится рассказав о чем эта книга
чтобы мы завтра не провалили тест
Мм...
(кивок)
Да
(листает страницы)
Ок
(быстро говорит)
Конец
Я ничего не понял
извините. Я могу усваивать информацию моментально
но и доносить ее также
Но ты говорил о смерти собаки нормальным голосом
Конечно, Подтверждаю
Пребывание в башне познания мне помогло
(СиДжей) Какой-то странный он
Ага, он как один из этих странных существ
Literature's always
talking about in class
that a hero has to encounter
in order to learn something.
Ага, только мы ничему не учимся.
- Вообще-то это не так. Кое-что мы все же узнали
- Что?
То, что нам необязательно ходить к каким-то чувакам за помощью.
если мы можем сами прочитать книгу,
как, кстати, я и собираюсь поступить
Чего? Ты действительно хочешь прочитать эту книгу?
Ага
Чувак, перестань строить из себя героя
I'm not trying to be a hero.
But we were given an assignment and failed to do it.
Now we simply just have to
rise to the challenge.
Yeah. That's pretty much
trying to be a hero.
Come on. It's just going to take
a little effort.
Угу. Титанические.
[deep male voice]
"What a lamentable thing it is
"that men should blame the gods
"and regard us
as the source of their troubles,
"when it is
their own transgressions
which bring them suffering
that was not their destiny."
Wow. Who are you using
for Zeus' voice? It's perfect.
My Uncle Orson.
He's the only person I know with a beard.
Ок. Девочки, вы можете сосредоточится?
I mean, they haven't even
introduced the main character yet.
Итак, что с этим?
I think Odysseus finally pops up
in the next chapter,
and then tells all about
the adventures he's been on.
- Guys, check this out.
- What have you been doing?
I've been, uh...
[clears throat]
- I've been reading.
- Reading.
What's in the sack?
Я тебе расскажу
It could lead
to all yr deaths.
Ох
Okay? You can't just barge in here with
a ripped shirt and your sweaty face
and say we might die if you tell us
but not tell us how we might die
if you end up telling us,
all right?
-Расскажи нам
-Хорошо
Я расскажу вам всю историю
I could actually use
your guys' help.
Но один совет
You gotta promise
not to get involved.
That's what could
cause your deaths.
So it all began when I started
reading the book, right?
It's gonna take ten years
to read this book.
"Дом"
[chuckles]
Real insightful, dude.
(кивает)
"Sing in me, Muse,
and through me tell the story
of that"--
Ah, the notes about
who's talking in the story.
I get it.
"Here meets supernatural
creatures--
"i.e. Tower Prep students.
"But which am I,
hero or weirdo?
"Which are you?
[sighs]
герой это Арчер
Что?
And the notes in the margins--
they seemed like they were
talking to me--
to me specifically.
Но
how could someone write notes
directly to you
in a book they'd have
no way of knowing
you'd be reading sometime
in the future?
Maybe that's their ability--
knowing stuff like that.
- I don't know.
- What are the notes saying?
"Goddess Athena
guides Odysseus home.
"What will guide you home?
Эта книга?
Используй эти заметки, чтобы сбежать из Башни познания
The note writer's trying to tell me
a way to escape from Tower Prep.
Хорошо, но что с того?
Это проблема
The notes are vague,
and some are in
some kind of code.
They're hard to figure out.
But others are very specific.
For example,
[clears throat]
"A hero must prove
himself worthy.
Prove yourself worthy.
Use this book to find me."
I figured if I listened to this one
note and found the guy that wrote it,
he could at least explain some
stuff to me, you know?
But how can you find him
if you don't know who he is?
Or if he's even a guy.
The goddess Athena guides
Odysseus on his adventures.
These notes keep suggesting to
me to use this book as my guide.
So I decided to track down everyone
on this list of previous readers
to see if any of them
had written the notes.
I ended up wandering
all over the dorms,
and I met a bunch of strange,
mysterious creatures,
otherwise known as
our fellow students.
[sniffing]
How...did you know I was about
to knock on your door?
I could smell you
coming down the hall.
Your deodorant reeks.
It's odorless.
I know. I could smell
the odorlessness.
Um, I'm looking
for the person
- who wrote the notes in this...
book.
- [sniffing]
Are you Hubert Kovalev?
[sniffing continues]
Yeah, I am, but I never
cracked open that book, dude.
I just listened to the Whisper audio
book version like everybody else does.
Of course.
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
Smell you later.
Now, some of these encounters
seemed like no big deal,
but others tried
to steer me off course.
[wind whooshes]
[wind blowing]
Hey, are any of you girls
Tawny Dvorchek?
If I wasn't before,
I am now.
You were assigned this book
in lit class.
Did you write these notes?
The only notes I write
are love notes.
-Ох
-Сейчас я пишу
эссе по социологии
об истории поцелуев
Do you wanna help me do
a little research for it?
[stammering]
[voices vocalizing]
(смех)
Who were these chicks again?
- And what dorm were they in?
- [laughter]
You've got to understand, I wanted
to keep looking for the note writer,
but it was like I was under
some spell or something.
I guess these girls can make
a guy do whatever they want.
That's why
they're at this school.
Every school
has girls like that.
And it has nothing to do with
the fact that they're hot.
- Mm-mm.
- I will admit, to some people,
they might be considered
not unattractive.
- Oh.
- But that doesn't explain
why I went into their room.
No, but that does explain why
your shirt's ripped shirt, tiger. Hmm?
Like I said, Gabe,
I couldn't help myself.
(шепот)
Действительно
[Women moaning]
But I don't know anything
about the topic.
That's okay. It only
needs to be 5,000 words.
And even though
I hate writing essays,
I felt like I wanted
to write this one forever
and never leave
that room until...
Gotta go.
- [Women] Ohh!
- [door closes]
Now what are we going to do?
I guess we'll have to get
that dreamy Gabe Forrest
to help us with our essay.
[sighing, chuckling]
Wow. She really said that?
[sighs] No, they didn't.
I made that part up.
But the book saved me
from who knows what.
It convinced me that it was
guiding me down the right path.
So I kept going down the list,
which just caused me to meet
more and more
of our bizarre students.
The last one was the worst.
I barely made it out alive.
(прочищает глотку)
What do you want?
Get a life.
Have you ever seen
a girl like that before?
I mean, it was terrifying.
Bro, it's okay.
You're safe now.
So you never found
the note writer.
He wasn't any of the names
on the list.
So I had to search through the book
for some other clue to follow.
That was when I noticed there
were three dog-eared pages.
Page 14, folded to the left,
and page 23 to the right,
and then page 36,
suggesting to me
a combination lock number.
Where's the only place on campus
with combination locks?
- [Boy] All of you, on my shoulders.
- [girls laughing]
Hey, great job, girls.
See you at practice tomorrow.
- [Girls] Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
- [chuckles]
- [feedback]
- Hey, dude.
What's the deal?
That's my locker.
Oh, uh, I'm sorry.
I was just looking for something important
that I thought might be in there.
Think again.
Hey, look, I said I'm sorry,
all right?
You don't have to be
a jerk about it.
Look, I just went through a real
grueling cheer practice, okay?
I'm a little too tired
to be polite.
Cheer practice?
We're in a secret school in
the middle of who-knows-where.
I mean, why even bother having
a cheer squad or a mascot?
- What's our rival school anyway?
- [growls, snorts]
If you have a problem with school
spirit, I got a problem with you.
[chuckles]
No, buddy. I think
your only problem is that you
like dressing up like a cow.
I'm a bull!
[groans]
[growling]
You know, maybe reading all this
Greek mythological stuff
is, you know,
starting to get to you.
What makes you say that?
No reason.
You know what? Continue.
Okay. It was whilst
I was engaged
in epic battle with
the monstrous Minotaur
that the Fates showed me
an error in my calculations.
[Mascot laughing]
How does that feel?
Had enough?
(продолжая смеяться)
[groans]
[Mascot groaning]
Я ничего не вижу, ничего!
Но..сейчас я могу слышать
[Mascot groans]
What was in the locker?
- Tell us.
- What was it?
- [mutters]
[sighs]
[Ian]
A Cyclops skull.
это не может быть реальностью
не можешь?
There's no such thing
as as Cyclops.
How could someone keep a skull
in their gym locker?
Because the note writer knew that
I would eventually find it there.
He's trying to tell me that I'm
on the right path to finding him,
and a way to escape, but I don't
know where to go from here.
Was there anything else
in the locker?
Just his gym clothes.
- [insects buzzing]
- [gasping, coughing]
Come on, man.
This is worse than the Cyclops skull.
Maybe he wrote his name on them.
- [clears throat]
- [groans]
"No man"?
It's just a reference
to the book.
Odysseus tricks the Cyclops by
telling him his name is No Man,
so when he pokes his eye out,
the Cyclops starts screaming,
"No Man is attacking me,"
and all the other Cyclops
think he's crazy.
Sounds like a pretty good scene.
It's got a Cyclops in it.
How could it be bad?
эй, а что если Сиджей
использует свою силу при чтении этих записок?
может быть она узнает, что нам сможет пригодится
нет
No. You guys cannot
help me on this.
- I have to do it alone.
- What are you talking about?
This is why I didn't want
to tell you guys this stuff.
Все члены команды Одиссея погибли
Ужасной смертью.
Только герой выжил
Герой должен пройти этот путь в одиночку
You really think if we try to
help you, we're all gonna die?
That's what the notes
are warning.
Ian, we're in this together.
If you're right, and these notes can
lead us to finding a way to escape,
then even if it does
get dangerous somehow,
we're all going to help
any way we can.
Whoa, Ceej. No offense,
but whatever happened
to voting?
все в порядке
это интересно
He's incredibly smart
and has a very heroic nature,
but he doesn't think he's smart
or heroic enough.
But he thinks you, Ian,
might be.
He wrote these notes
the way he did to test you.
Finding the Cyclops skull means
you've passed that trial.
But now you have to
retrace your journey
in order to go forward
and find him
You got all that just from
analyzing his writing?
Plus, that's exactly what
he's written on this page.
[chuckles]
Oh.
I haven't gotten that far
in the book yet.
"Retrace your journey
in order to find him."
What does that mean?
How is going back over
your steps
supposed to help you
track this guy down?
Unless I'm not suppose
to track him down myself,
but I'm supposed to use someone
I met while following the notes.
- [sniffs]
What's that stench?
- Hey. It's me again.
I was wondering, your nose-- can
you use it to track people down?
You mean like a bloodhound?
See, we're looking
for this person,
and we don't know who they are
or where they are.
All we've got to go on
is their gym clothes.
So let me get this straight.
First, you want me
to smell someone's gym shorts,
then you want me to run around
like a trained dog?
Dude, you're barking up
the wrong tree.
[sniffing]
[sniffing continues]
[insects buzzing]
Фетч
[sniffing]
What are you guys doing out?
It's past curfew.
You're all supposed to be
in your rooms.
[chuckles]
Gabe.
[clears throat]
Пропусти нас
Хм, извините меня
Я только что сказал тебе
Пропустить нас
А я сказал, что сейчас комендантский час
[Gabe chuckles]
I don't think you understand.
I can pretty much make you
do anything I want.
No, you don't understand.
What you do has no effect on me.
Nobody can make me do anything
I don't want to.
[clears throat]
Right.
Just one second, please.
Hey, guys, have met
my new arch-nemesis?
Sorry, dude.
We were getting close, too.
Oh, no. Don't you worry.
We're not done with you yet.
You're not the only person I've
met recently who can help me.
[Women moaning]
Excuse me. It's past curfew.
You ladies are gonna have to--
Shh!
[moaning continues]
Спасибо, буду должен
You owe me a couple.
[moaning continues]
I don't get it.
How come their hyper-suasion works on him
but mine doesn't?
I'm not sure they're
even using hyper-suasion.
- [snaps fingers]
- [clears throat]
- [whistles]
- [sniffing]
[sniffing continues]
Here.
This is where it leads.
Oh, no.
- Dude, this is the girl's room.
- What girl's room?
The one with the face
and the crazy hair.
My job's done.
I gotta go.
- What?
- What's wrong?
I can smell fear.
О, отлично
He can smell fear.
Did you hear that?
This is how
the rest of the crew dies, okay?
Can we please save ourselves?
What are you doing?
[panting]
What are you doing
with Norman's gym clothes?
[insects buzzing]
So, you know the person
these belong to?
Yeah, but where is he?
Он выжил?
Ох...
Yeah, this is my book
for a class a couple terms ago,
но я никогда не читал об этом
I didn't have to.
Norman read it for me.
He became obsessed with it
before he disappeared.
He found some sort of
weird parallel
between the hero's journey
and attending this school.
Yeah, I know. I've been reading
his notes in the book.
I gotta say, it's been kind of hard
figuring out what he means, though.
Norman had a weird way
of telling people things.
I sort of hoped he had
sent you here as a message
to let me know he's okay.
How could he have known
I'd be assigned that book?
Norman just...knew things
before they were ever
explained to him,
before they even happened.
He sensed, the whole time
we were together,
that we were destined
to be apart.
And not in some
relationshipy type of way.
He just-- He knew
he'd have to go, and we'd...
It's kind of hard to explain.
It's like falling in love
with a vampire.
You girls get it.
But knowing things-- That's
why Norman was brought here.
But that's what drove him crazy.
Tower Prep was the one thing
that he couldn't know.
Every question that
he answered about this school
only led to more questions.
Yeah. I know how that feels.
But if he's trying to point you
in some direction,
maybe he thinks you'll find
the answers that he couldn't.
Find answers?
I can't even find him.
Well, if he guided you here,
there's a reason for it.
Do you have anything of his?
You know, maybe, like, a picture
of him or something?
He took the only picture I had of
him just before he disappeared.
можно я?
- What are you doing?
- I think there's something here.
This is what
he wanted me to have.
He wanted you to have this?
I mean, how could you possibly know that?
I just know.
ты мне напоминаешь его
Do you have any idea why he
would've wanted me to find this?
Because it'll lead you to him.
When you find him,
tell him I....
Не бери в голову
Не говори ему ничего
He'd already know
anything I'd say.
Wow. In real life,
doomed romanticism
is actually quite depressing.
Depressing?
You know what's depressing?
Is that we're not any closer
to finding Norman.
Oh, yeah.
And a way out of here.
Should I even bother to point out
that we're also not any closer
to finishing the book
for the test tomorrow?
I didn't think so.
You know, I'm really starting
to hate this Norman guy.
I give up.
This is the same size
as the compass.
Hmm. The odyssey ends here,
which, on our map...
The secret he wants us to find
is out here in the woods,
near the perimeter wall.
There's probably gnomes
out there this time of night.
Yeah. That's fine.
I'll leave first thing
in the morning.
Where should we meet?
Oh. No, no, no, no, no.
I'm going out there alone.
I've ignored the warnings of
crew members dying long enough.
You guys are staying here.
Охх..
Oh...
[Gabe]
Um, Ian, a quicky real quick,
just in case it's on the test,
how do the rest of the crew
end up dying?
- In the book?
- Yes.
- Uh, well, most drowned, actually.
- Oh, drowned.
Yeah. Some got smashed by boulders
thrown at them by giants.
Some get eaten by Scylla,
a six-headed monster.
- [Suki] Ew.
- [Gabe chuckling] Monsters.
One guy forgot
that he fell asleep
on top of a house.
When he wakes up,
he falls off the roof
and, uh, breaks his neck.
Oh! The classic slapstick death.
Nice.
Why do I feel
like I have that coming?
Gabe, we're not going to die.
Oh, of course not.
Not now anyway.
How much farther do we have?
Whatever we're suppose to find
should be straight ahead.
[Suki]
Wouldn't it be great
if what we end up finding
is a copy of the test
with an answer key?
[Ian]
Well, you know where Odysseus
had to go to find his answers.
Where does he have to go?
Hades, the ancient
Greek land of the dead.
He has to travel to the underworld
and talk to a dead prophet
to find out what he has to do
to get home.
Oh, that must've been back
before they had GPS.
Looks like we found
the Land of the Dead.
I really, really hope
that this is not last year's
graduating class.
They're definitely gravestones,
but what's with the crazy name?
(читает)
Это латиница
Some sort of
biological classification.
So this is the escape route
Norman wanted you to find?
It's a dead end, literally.
I...
Who do you think is buried here?
I hope it's not Norman himself.
Maybe he was worried he might
end up out here,
so he left me clues
in case he did.
But why would he
be buried out here?
Maybe it's where
they bury the children
who try to escape the school,
okay?
Now can we leave, please?
Huh? Come on.
[cries out]
- [screams]
- [thuds]
- Гейб!
- [Ian] You all right?
- Yeah.
My glasses broke my fall.
Jeez.
- Come on, come on.
Give us your arm.
- Come here.
Don't fall.
It's so cold down there.
- [Gabe panting]
- Are you okay?
[sighs]
I'm suddenly over my thing
for vampires.
[grunting]
Come on.
[gasps]
The rest of
the Cyclops skeleton.
Do you think each of these graves has
a different monster in them?
But why bury them
and give them headstones?
I mean, that's like something
you do for a pet.
What are you doing?
It's a tunnel.
Guys,
this is our way out.
I knew Norman wouldn't let me down.
How do you know it goes
all the way down the wall?
Гейб, книгу пожалуйста
Он показал мне
Смотрите
I just didn't understand what he
was trying to tell me at the time.
But all this stuff with
the Cyclops and the graveyard--
What's it all mean?
Apparently even Norman
couldn't figure it out.
This must have been
why he decided to leave.
Frankly, I'm with Norman.
Guys, who cares about what--
what all of this is, okay?
We don't need to know what
Tower Prep's all about now.
We can-- We can go.
We can leave all this behind.
Нет
I can't ignore
these warnings anymore.
- Не один из вас не пройдет
- Что?
I don't want any of my crew to
die, let alone all of them.
This tunnel looks like it
could collapse at any second.
Then maybe you shouldn't
go either.
Сидж, я должен
I'd give you a hug good-bye,
but you're in a grave with
a headless Cyclops skeleton.
[chuckles] Looks like I won't
be needing this anymore.
I never did finish it.
Хмм
Ты этого не знаешь?
Последней страницы нет
Я предполагаю, это путешествие никогда не закончится
Я вернусь к вам ребята
Скорее, чем вы думаете
[grunting]
Ян, что случилось?
Здесь что-то внизу!
[sighs]
[grunts] It's collapsing!
Get me outta here!
Гейб!
[gasps]
Следи за тылом
Помоги мне!
- Быстрее!
- Ян!
- Oh!
- [panting]
- Все хорошо?
- Да, я в порядке
[panting continues]
Unreal.
[sighs]
- Oh.
- What's that?
Это же последняя страница книги
It says, "My journey
is not your journey.
Your odyssey
is not the odyssey."
That's good.
Now he tells you.
"Sorry about that last trial,
"but I had to make sure
you were hero material.
"Now I know you're the man to solve
the school mysteries I couldn't.
P.S., please give this
to my first mate."
[chuckles]
Что это?
Это картинка Нормана
- Let me see.
- Not quite what I expected.
w. To think you put your life
in this guy's hands.
Тут. Дайте мне посмотреть
I guess Norman wasn't leading us
out of here after all.
What? Now what do we do?
[Ian]
Now I guess
the only thing left to do
is be late for class.
Ah, Mr. Archer
and his merry crew.
Time is almost up.
We'd like to take the test, sir.
Did you even read the book?
Прочитал?
Я жил ей
Спасибо, сэр
Well, I didn't get an A, but I
knew enough to fake passing it.
Hey, what was the name
of the dog?
- Argus.
- Oh!
- I wrote "Scooby."
- [chuckling]
- How'd you do, Ian?
Well, I'm not sure
how I did on the test,
but I think I figured out what Norman was
trying to tell me with his last note.
See, my odyssey is not the same
as the odyssey in this book.
It's not about trying to find
a way back home.
My odyssey is here
at Tower Prep,
and trying to figure out what's really
going on at this psycho school.
[chuckles]
Hey, uh,
Norman wanted you to have this.
He's, uh, not quite
what I expected.
[chuckles]
He didn't want you
to know where he was going,
because he was afraid
if you went,
you might get hurt or even--
I know.
I know all that now.
You're gonna find out
the things that Norman couldn't.
Be careful.
Thank you.
- 788
== Sync, corrected by elderman ==
== for www.addic7ed.com ==
Переведено на сайте www.notabenoid.com
http://notabenoid.com/book/13363/43694
Внимание! Этот перевод, возможно, ещё не готов,
так как модераторы установили для него статус
"идёт перевод"